actuaries, sculptors, writers  
chemists, drivers, dancers 
dancers, bankers, riders 
farmers, surfers, writers 
hunters, analysts, swimmers  
linguists, skaters, singers  
models, tailors, florists  
riders, agents, waiters  
scientists, novelists, florists  
students, hikers, designers  
assistants, poets, scientists
chemists, workers, painters
doctors, riders, investors
gamblers, cleaners, models
joggers, actors, carpenters
managers, clerks, butchers
nurses, scholars, buyers
riders, novelists, linguists
skaters, barbers, cooks
surfers, painters, porters
athletes, assistants, chefs
clerks, butchers, athletes
drivers, porters, chemists
golfers, cyclists, assistants
linguists, cooks, models
miners, tellers, poets
planners, sailors, engineers
runners, opticians, clerks
students, cashiers, doctors
therapists, hikers, opticians
